hyah so this week's vlog is basically
what I've been up to over the past month
it's packed full of all my fun stuff
I've done and basically the aim is to
show you that I have had time for a
social life in between all my studies
and like looking back the amount of
stuff I've done this month is crazy so
yeah enjoy
and this is the famous Jesus brunch the
highlight of my week then we went to the
tutorial office which is in a spiral
staircase in second quart second chords
okay so I am in Pizza Express with my
family you have come down to visit me
today so you're gonna have a nice meal
and take a day off working
[Music]
so me and Ilona are now walking back
from a very fun night at spoon yes we
loved it it was well we laid out the
religion because I'm and then I had a
great time alone hats a great flavored
vodka that we freed with beforehand what
was it pepper honey yeah yeah now it's
now it's late we need to sleep with both
for outings tomorrow wrong outing so
mine is 11 so yeah yours is worse my
still - well mine is still good you know
eight hours of the Calypso should be
fine I'll be fine paper scarf in the
wash beforehand you can't see it's
drenched and grinding off good night
[Music]
this evening with my friends I didn't do
I was planning to do but it's fine I'm
just doing over some earth science is
practical notes done and I've got a lot
more free time tomorrow because most of
my day today has been in supervisions
labs lectures and scientific computing
sessions so I've been busy so yeah
tomorrow it should be good to get lots
of work done productive day let's go
hello so it is Tuesday evening
I am off to dance class in a minute I'm
currently just sitting in a Jif that is
not my own I can't show you much yeah
it's been quite a good day today because
I only had three contact hours and
tomorrow is nice too so I look forward
to it see you then and on this morning I
woke up to a ladder outside my door and
so they were fixing the leak that was in
the ceiling before that excellent news I
it was such a gorgeous day probably the
nicest day of the year we've had so far
at least in Cambridge so it is a lovely
sunny morning I have taken the decision
to walk to my Earth Sciences lecture
today because
I need to get coffee on the way because
I don't know why but I've been nearly
falling asleep and like all my most
recent lectures and it just can't carry
on it's quite painful keeping my eyes
open so I need coffee beforehand it is
currently seven minutes to 11:00 my
lecture starts at five past so bit tight
but we're going to speed walk on my
staircase is being fixed the leak in the
wall is being sorted out today to get
but luckily I'm missing the period where
they're turning the water off so while
I'm at lectures so it's actually not
affecting me where works so yeah should
be back to normal when I get back
this is gonna sound really stupid but I
love the sound of birds and it's sunny
and you hear the birds Chaffey in the
mornings in such a good mood
here I give you a little insight to what
a library sash is like this is the Jesus
library which is a really nice working
space there's some nice sculptures in
there as well it's very nice and
peaceful it wasn't particularly busy at
this time of day usually can be a fairly
busy but you'll always get a seat hello
and welcome to a new week this week we
start off with Ed's head the hairdresser
is going to give a trim because can we
just appreciate how early I get up for
rowing like it was still dark sometimes
I really question my life decisions
I was actually early for my lecture for
once though like round of applause for
me
[Music]
so me and my sisters visiting this
weekend have come to Nando a nice break
very nice afternoon
Henry is cooking pancakes so I started
making markers for myself quite
regularly they get me through my work so
I feel like it's justified in fact
actually making the mocker is a great
form of procrastination making myself a
lovely manga to have now today I'm quite
sure I like Wednesdays and you have
three contact hours
not gonna lie probably the only time I
ever use my saucepan taste test
good stuff what ella was trying to tell
you that was that we had gone to
Robinson for a formal swap so all the
natural scientists from Jesus went to
see all the natural scientists from
Robinson and we all had a meal together
[Music]
we went to the bar after the formal it
was nice but probably not as nice as the
bar at Jesus so here you can meet the
whole crew you all went to the formal we
had a great time and to finish off the
night we went to the Robinson rainbow
book it was so much fun
Robinson do great books I would give
them that one
so Cara was quite excited to be on come
look at the moves these guys have got
like that
[Music]
so there isn't actually any noise on
this clip cuz my phone did a random
thing where it didn't record any noise
but basically I'm just saying had a
great time at the book I got back fairly
early because I had a rowing outing the
next day and I didn't want to be too
tired for that also
don't tell ed that I took his glow
sticks I feel like this video might give
it away oh well
and here we have my first rowing waste
of time wasn't a success not going to
lie to you but it's all experience you
know bit harsh Rebecca bet I swear I
have on even uni students believe it or
not even going to try to explain these
guys and and here we are at the Mabel
your tonight for more and this is where
the theme for this year's made bald is
going to be announced
now if you're watching I've never done
counter overhaul
he's bringing drum
Oh
Astrid and Edie
show off their moves
[Applause]
[Music]
okay so me and Tim just made it is made
the third round each idea which means
Jarvis issuing our best dance
and also stream it doc
[Music]
[Applause]
5:42 Sunday morning I need to get and
take me off cause I just if you're on
the coach my way back from Blackpool and
ya died Oh Phil I feel horrible take my
hair oh and you get some sleep before
tomorrow because I've got me well I've
got a rowing outing either 2:30 or 3
depending on which outing out on
depending on you can sup where but oh it
just means I'm gonna go out tomorrow and
I've actually got physics deadlines as
well and I didn't get all my physics
done well I like the competition I got
some done
I still got another hearts today so I
didn't used to like you I was for that
tomorrow and since my writing will take
about a couple of hours well I mean I
can't sleep in that um I might set my
aunt for 12:00 because I have got some
sleep on the coach already that for a
few Fenty if not 11:00 to be honest but
yeah let's get some rest
you actually know I had a great time
that Paul was really fun yeah hello sir
I've just got back from a double for
rowing outing and yeah it was quite
eventful so we're putting the boat in
the water I managed to knock my phone
which I'm filming on right now out of my
pocket and into the river I'm just like
oh my God my phone is in the river and
my cam card also went as well which is
like far past that gets us into rooms
and everywhere on the unique model and I
just stand it and shook our Rachel
actually quickly and fished it out and I
was like oh my god I'm so grateful like
I was just standing there like I'm good
with all my furs and water and yeah and
I tried like working it and
it still worked and I was like okay
that's really weird then everyone's like
a right turn it off so I turned it off
and then I obviously didn't take it out
on the article for you leave your pocket
I was like okay write my pocket is
clearly not secure enough for this so
then after the outing I went to try and
turn it on again and obviously
everything now it turned on and
literally it feels like it feels fine
I've it wedged out like so either be
something wrong with it and I don't know
so I'm going to get upload all my
footage like my filming footage of looks
and whatnot like on heck I'm worried
about losing that and then I today don't
you get rice I've been the couple Maya
what the best thing to do is I'm a bit
like scared it's gonna suddenly like
trip out on me or something who knows
yeah emergency avoided I'm very lucky so
much snow it's fine though I'm ready for
it
got the wooly hat on you'll stay warm on
the way to my scientific computing
session I quickly realized that my bike
was covered in snow which was not ideal
I know I swear they're like a couple of
hours before this there was literally no
snow at all it just suddenly appeared
out of nowhere so I've taken the
decision to walk because my bike was
covered in snow when I went to go get it
and I was like okay it's gonna be sleepy
as well and I'm not in a rush to be
honest like I can miss the first five
minutes and still do fine
it is as exciting as it looks needless
to say I'm not the biggest fan of
computing so I'm just leaving the
lecture theater where our scientific
computing sessions a whole held it's
still snowing but at least I'm walking
back I wouldn't have wanted to bike you
mr. Donner's it's just very nice weather
really it's nice to look at from the
inside very pretty but just bit cold
yeah I could go back to college for a
super vision now which is in the study
center that bit it's about a 15 minute
walk and I have 15 minutes to get there
from now so I've timed it will help
so my bikes that break has now broken
because okay so it frees up because it's
pretty frosty everything whatnot and
then I tried forcing it and now
basically the brake thing just isn't
attached to it I don't even know what's
happening so we have to go say that
sorted later it's just great supposed to
be on my lecture now I'm currently
walking there oh well no Jake is
absolutely freezing walking back from
lectures now I'm gonna go and pop the
shop so I need to buy a new bike helmet
I lost my bike helmet the other day and
I also need to get
it's a new gloves cuz these wooden
gloves I'm not woman off so leave it
supposed to do need to see if I can fix
my like myself if not take it to the
bike shop and then I've got a ton of
work to do and it's super this afternoon
but we're on top of it all it's fine
so basically it's just snowing more and
more throughout the day like so much
snow so much snow like a blizzard out
there luckily I don't have to cut side
for the rest of the day unless I want to
venture for dinner at CAF which is
across this chapel core I'll be fine
there I think I could probably make it
across Chapel caught for dinner but
apart from that staying firmly tucked in
my room got my work here coffee you had
lunch be very comfy of course we had to
have a snowball fight because that's
what mature uni students do so I'm gonna
finish this book here thanks so much for
watching
I've had a really fun month it's been
really busy like I packed it for lots of
like social activities and whatnot
outside of my sizes studies but that's
what's made it so enjoyable
so yeah if you enjoyed the video give it
a like down below subscribe why not
and yeah I'll hopefully see you soon
with another vlog bye